I'm stables I am the wine keeper I am so
fascinated by what has happened in the
last decade or so in Greece my peers
sometimes call me the wine Greek so I
went to Greece restaurant it'll be
really cool man as much fun as we're
having one to be cooled that we could
share this resume of our friends I mean
imagine if like tasting all these Moscow
funerals and so forth if instead of just
bringing home the oats we could actually
share them I'm gonna call John in Canada
and tell him to get over here I call
bisous
welcome to Greece people here say you
can taste the history in the wine and
they're right but take a wine tasting
tour of this beautiful country and
you're in for more than distinctive
historic terroirs and distinguished
food-friendly varieties the new wines of
Greece are an adventure in fashion
I experienced I tasted these perfectly
balanced wines with the local cuisine I
realized just how little I knew and how
much there was to learn
I felt the love I was converted
it's all here waiting for you yours to
discover
you